Readme.md, before:

# Readme

This code performs staged BDT analyses using root files as in- and output format.

## Dependencies

* `ROOT`
* `MadGraph` with installed `ExRootAnalysis` and `Delphes`
* `fastjet`
* `fastjet contrib` (must be compiled with `CXXFLAGS=-fPIC`)
* `libconfig`
* `doxygen` for class documentation
* `The PEG`
* `Boost` (`Optional`,`Range`,`Units`)

## Installation

* the following is tested on recent ubuntu installations
* edit `MadGraphDir` in `FindMadGraph.cmake`
* if you are using a `ROOT` version other than the system version edit the `ROOT` path in `FindROOT.cmake`

```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make # for external dependencies
make # for the actual program
```

## Usage

Each analysis needs a dedicated `Analysis` class, a set of `Tagger` classess and a `main.cpp` file.
The `Analysis` class contains the global information of the analysis, such as file names, path names, variables names etc.
Every `Tagger` class tags or reconstructs one specific particle or signature. Each analysis needs at least one dedicated `Tagger`.
The `main.cpp` defines the order in which each `Tagger` is passed to the `Analysis`.

## Git commands

* initial download of the project `git clone git@github.com:BoostedColliderAnalysis/BoCA.git`
* downloading updates from the server `git pull`
* save changes of specific files `git commit FILES`
* save changes in to all files `git commit -a`
* upload changes to server `git push`
* change branches `git checkout BRANCH`
* create new branch `git checkout -b NEWBRANCH`
* merge branches `git merge BRANCH`
* save unfinished work on stash `git stash`
* get stash changes back `git stash pop`

## Coding style

* use standard library when possible
* avoid heap allocation `new`
* prefer references `&` over pointers `*`
* follow [these naming conventions](https://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/cppguide.html#Naming)

## Source code documentation

[Documentation](http://boostedcollideranalysis.github.io/BoCA)

## License

[License](License.md)

## Authors

[Authors](Authors.md)

## Reference

Please cite:
[Hajer, Jan, Li, Ying-Ying, Liu, Tao, Shiu, John F. H.: *Heavy Higgs Bosons at 14 TeV and 100 TeV*, April 2015](https://inspirehep.net/record/1365110)

Commit message:

show some plots for standard model taggers

Readme.md, after:

# Readme

This code performs staged BDT analyses using root files as in- and output format.

## Dependencies

* `ROOT`
* `MadGraph` with installed `ExRootAnalysis` and `Delphes`
* `fastjet`
* `fastjet contrib` (must be compiled with `CXXFLAGS=-fPIC`)
* `libconfig`
* `doxygen` for class documentation
* `The PEG`
* `Boost` (`Optional`, `Range`, `Units`)

## Installation

* the following is tested on recent ubuntu installations
* edit `MadGraphDir` in `FindMadGraph.cmake`
* if you are using a `ROOT` version other than the system version edit the `ROOT` path in `FindROOT.cmake`

~~~~
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make # for external dependencies
make # for the actual program
~~~~

## Usage

Each analysis needs a dedicated `Analysis` class, a set of `Tagger` classess and a `main.cpp` file.
The `Analysis` class contains the global information of the analysis, such as file names, path names, variables names etc.
Every `Tagger` class tags or reconstructs one specific particle or signature. Each analysis needs at least one dedicated `Tagger`.
The `main.cpp` defines the order in which each `Tagger` is passed to the `Analysis`.

## Standard model

The acceptances for Standard model particles at a future 100 TeV collider are presented [here](doc/standard-model.md).
These plots represent some examples of the power of this code.

## Source code documentation

The source code documentation including all classes and functions can be found [here](http://boostedcollideranalysis.github.io/BoCA).

## License

BoCa is licenced under the [GPL 3](doc/License.md).

[//]: # (## Authors

The list of authors can be found here [Authors](doc/Authors.md).)

## Reference

Please cite:
[Hajer, Jan, Li, Ying-Ying, Liu, Tao, Shiu, John F. H.: *Heavy Higgs Bosons at 14 TeV and 100 TeV*, April 2015](https://inspirehep.net/record/1365110)

## Git commands

* initial download of the project `git clone git@github.com:BoostedColliderAnalysis/BoCA.git`
* downloading updates from the server `git pull`
* save changes of specific files `git commit FILES`
* save changes in to all files `git commit -a`
* upload changes to server `git push`
* change branches `git checkout BRANCH`
* create new branch `git checkout -b NEWBRANCH`
* merge branches `git merge BRANCH`
* save unfinished work on stash `git stash`
* get stash changes back `git stash pop`

## Coding style

* use standard library when possible
* avoid heap allocation `new`
* prefer references `&` over pointers `*`
* Classes and functions are written in CamelCase
* variables are written small_with_underscore
* member variables end on an underscore
